Update README.md (#7702)
js-org/js.org: README.md

[![js.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/js.org-+-FFE70B.svg?style=flat-square)](http://js.org)
[![PRs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/js-org/js.org.svg?style=flat-square&colorB=FFE70B&label=pull%20requests)](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+label%3Aadd)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/js-org/js.org?color=FFE70B&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/graphs/contributors)
[![Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/js-org/js.org?color=FFE70B&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/pulse/monthly)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-for_registrar_fees-1F87FF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=open-collective&logoColor=fff)](https://opencollective.com/js-org)

## Notice

> *Due to the increased number of requests for js.org subdomains, with many having questionable relevancy to the JavaScript community and ecosystem, we've decided that going forward JS.ORG will be focusing on accepting subdomain requests from projects with a clear relation to the JS community.*

Reviewer: Taking the text from bold to italic somewhat diminishes the importance of it, let's stick to it being bold please

> *As some examples, personal pages, blogs, Discord bot pages and basic tutorials for unrelated libraries will no longer be accepted. Projects such as NPM packages, libraries, tools that have a clear and direct relation to JavaScript, will be accepted when requesting a JS.ORG subdomain. This decision does not affect subdomains that have already been granted.*

Reviewer: Ditto here

#### Similar Services

- [is-a.dev](https://github.com/is-a-dev/register)
- [is-a-good.dev](https://github.com/is-a-good-dev/register)
- [thedev.id](https://github.com/fransallen/thedev.id)
- [js.cool](https://github.com/js-cool/js.cool)
- [mod.land](https://github.com/denosaurs/mod.land)

---

## GitHub Pages

To get a short and sleek subdomain for your own GitHub Pages site from js.org follow these 4 Steps:

### Step 1

If you haven't already, now it's time to log in to your GitHub account and set up your GitHub Pages site following the instructions [here](https://pages.github.com). To get a head start you can simply use the generator with one of the provided themes and **add some reasonable content to your new page**.

### Step 2

> Now determine your js.org subdomain: either choose your username or the name of your repo according to the existing GitHub Pages URL (for ```http://foo.github.io/bar```, either ```foo.js.org``` or ```bar.js.org``` would be possible). More details are available on the [wiki](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now determine your js.org subdomain: either choose your username or the name of your repo according to the existing GitHub Pages URL (for ```http://foo.github.io/bar```, either ```foo.js.org``` or ```bar.js.org``` would be possible). More details are available in the [wiki](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/wiki).
```
The wiki is a book so to say, so "in" is correct here as it was before, not "on".

> If you haven't already, log in to your GitHub account and set up your GitHub Pages site following the instructions [here](https://pages.github.com). To get a head start you can simply use the generator with one of the provided themes and **add some reasonable content to your new page**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't already, log in to your GitHub account and set up your GitHub Pages site following [their instructions](https://pages.github.com). To get a head start you can simply use the generator with one of the provided themes and **add some reasonable content to your new page**.
```
Just a nitpick to avoid hyperlinking 'here'.

> Now determine your JS.ORG subdomain: either choose your username or the name of your repository according to the existing GitHub Pages URL (for ```http://foo.github.io/bar```, either ```foo.js.org``` or ```bar.js.org``` would be possible). More details are available in the [wiki](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now determine your JS.ORG subdomain: either choose your username or the name of your repository according to the existing GitHub Pages URL (for `http://foo.github.io/bar`, either `foo.js.org` or `bar.js.org` would be possible). More details are available in the [wiki](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/wiki).
```
We can use single backticks for inline code here

### Step 3

> Add a file named ```CNAME``` to your repo (in the ```gh-pages``` branch for project pages) with a single line matching the domain you have chosen (e.g. ```foo.js.org```). If you prefer a webinterface form, have a look at [GitHub Pages Help](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-or-removing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a file named `CNAME` to your repo (in the `gh-pages` branch for project pages, or the branch that you've set as your GitHub Pages source) with a single line matching the domain you have chosen (e.g. `foo.js.org`). If you prefer a web interface form, have a look at [GitHub Pages Help](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-or-removing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site).
```

To finish the procedure, make a pull request in this GitHub repository that adds your subdomain to the [list](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/blob/master/cnames_active.js) of existing js.org domains. Your new URL should go live within 24 hours (keep an eye on your pull request in case of a naming conflict).

---

### Thanks

> **[Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com)** for their awesome DNS service that makes this possible. While js.org is only using their free plan - they have helped us more than once with some flexible solutions and extended quotas!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... to **[Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com)** for their awesome DNS service that makes this possible. While js.org is only using their free plan - they have helped us more than once with some flexible solutions and extended quotas!
```
Per my previous comment, this has a nice flow before, I see no reason to change it

> Thanks to **[Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com)** for their awesome DNS service that makes this possible. While js.org is only using their free plan - they have helped us more than once with some flexible solutions and extended quotas!

Reviewer: I don't see the point in this change, it just makes this unnecessarily verbose.

Author: It's sort of a credits page which is verbose.

Reviewer: I disagree, I don't think it needs to be verbose. It has a nice flow to it before, there's no reason to change it for the sake of changing it

> Thanks to **[Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com)** for their awesome DNS service that makes this service possible. While JS.ORG is only using their free plan - they have helped us more than once with some flexible solutions and extended quotas!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to **[Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com)** for their awesome DNS service that makes this service possible. While JS.ORG is using their free plan - to a shameless extent - they helped us more than once with some flexible solutions and extended quotas. Many thanks!
```

[![Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/js-org/js.org?color=FFE70B&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/pulse/monthly)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-for_registrar_fees-1F87FF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=open-collective&logoColor=fff)](https://opencollective.com/js-org)

## Notice

***Due to the increased number of requests for JS.ORG subdomains, with many having questionable relevancy to the JavaScript community and ecosystem, we've decided that going forward JS.ORG will be focusing on accepting subdomain requests from projects with a clear relation to the JavsScript community.***

***As some examples, personal pages, blogs, Discord bot pages and basic tutorials for unrelated libraries will no longer be accepted. Projects such as NPM packages, libraries, tools that have a clear and direct relation to JavaScript, will be accepted when requesting a JS.ORG subdomain.***

*This decision does not affect subdomains that have already been granted.*

> #### Similar Services
> 
> - [is-a.dev](https://github.com/is-a-dev/register)
> - [is-a-good.dev](https://github.com/is-a-good-dev/register)
> - [thedev.id](https://github.com/fransallen/thedev.id)
> - [js.cool](https://github.com/js-cool/js.cool)
> - [mod.land](https://github.com/denosaurs/mod.land)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need a subdomain for a project that doesn't fall within the criteria for JS.ORG? Take a look at [free-for.dev -> Domain](https://free-for.dev/#/?id=domain).
```

Author: Can you unresolve it?
